						    

                                                                             RESUME                 


      		Vijay Narsing Chakole                                                                vijaychakole23@gmail.com
      	Shreenagar society, house no.911                                
            sr.no. 37/4, Dhanakawadi, Pune-43                                          Contact (Mob.):+91 8308534844/
                                                                                                                                       +91 8446822504
                                                                                                                   
          


  Objective :	

To work with an organization where culture of freedom & working for initiative is ensured, facilitating my contribution through thoughts and action to the company’s vision  &  thus  achieve  self  development  by  playing  significant  role  in  building organization.


   Educational Qualification :	

Exam
University/Board
Grade/Mark
B.Sc(Physics)
Pune University
First class (70%)
H.S.C.
Maharashtra
Second class (50%)
S.S.C
Maharashtra
First class (70%)




   Project Work :	

Data Structures Shared Library Development 
     
       Library is considered as a program which contains multiple functions which can be     
       used  by  other program. In case of library there is no entry point function in the  
       program. 
       If we design library then while application development we can use library every time 
       whenever needed.

Virtual File System
 
         It  is a research based project which is used to understand  the internal concept of file 
        system .
        Our project is execute in RAM  & provide all the operations which are required for 
        the file system.
   
   

Custom File Wrapper
        
       This project is consired as library development project, we can use this into other            
       software development task.
      For this project we are using C++ as a programming language.
      This class which is development as wrapper class can be  used in other project for    
     further development.
     In this wrapper class we have provide all the functionality which requirement for the  
     file  handling operations.


   Technical Skills :	
Procedural language :       C  programming language
Object-Oriented language :  C++
Virtual machine based language  : JAVA
Scripting language : PHP
Database language : SQL
Operating system : Linux, Windows NT


    Personal Qualities:	
Strong and analytical and people management skills.
Analysis and problem solving/Creativity.
Passion for constant improvement.
Ability to take sound decision.



   Area of Interest: 	

Software Developer

   Hobbies: 	
Playing Soccer
Playing Chess

   Personal Profile: 	  	

     Name :                   Vijay Narsing Chakole

    Address :                Shreenagar society,house no.911,Sr. no.37/4,
                                    Dhanakawadi,Pune-43
 
   Date of birth : -          23rd Oct 1992

  Gender : -                Male

  Marital Status :      - Single 

 Language known : - English, Marathi, Hindi.


  Declaration:	

    I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my 
   knowledge


 Place : Pune
Date:                                                                          (Vijay Narsing Chakole)
